debian/pianobooster.png
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/07-AmazingGrace.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/05-ScarboroughFair.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/04-FrereJacques.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/06-Greensleeves.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/02-LavendersBlue.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/01-ClairDeLaLune.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/03-SkipToMyLoo.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/07-AmazingGrace.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/05-ScarboroughFair.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/02-LavendersBlue.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/04-FrereJacques.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/06-Greensleeves.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/01-ClairDeLaLune.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Booster Music/03-SkipToMyLoo.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/06-DownAndUp.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/05-ChordOfFMajor.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/01-StartWithMiddleC.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/03-UpAndDown.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/02-ChordOfCMajor.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/04-ClairDeLaLune.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/05-ChordOfFMajor.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/03-UpAndDown.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/01-StartWithMiddleC.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/04-ClairDeLaLune.pdf
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/02-ChordOfCMajor.mid
debian/resources/BoosterMusicBooks1/Beginner Course/06-DownAndUp.pdf

